Ticket title
Add custom id for agent when booking an agent for the first time

Assumptions
1- agent send apply request for open shifts

description
When a new agent is applied for a shift in a facility for the first time then the facility employee/admin
can add a custom id for this agent when accepting the agent request.

Acceptance Criteria

Given that facility is accepting a request for an open shift from an agent for the first time.
Then a pop up modal stating tha following:
"This is first time to use this agent in you facility, please insert a unique identifier for this agent".
Below this message a required input field to insert the agent id with an info badge when hovering on it, the following should be shown.
- id can not be empty
- id should be max 12 characters

Given that facility is accepting a request for an open shift from an agent that worked with this facility before.
Then the facility should be able to accept the request directly without the need to inset an id.

Give that the facility is submitting the form without inserting an id for the agent.
Then an error message should be appeared under the input field saying "agent id is required"

Give that the facility is submitting the form with an id length bigger than 12 characters.
Then an error message should be appeared under the input field saying "agent id length should be less that or equal 12 character"

Implementation Details
1- create a new table "Facility_agents" with the following properties:
  - facility_agent_id (custom id inserted by facility)
  - agent_id (foreign key of agents table)
  - facility (facility id)
2- accept request api should received an optional custom agent id.
  - check if the agent is used before then accept action will work the same as before.
  - if the agent is used for the first time and the id is not provided then an error should be thrown.
  - create a new record in the Facility_agents table.
  - add the custom id to shift metadata in shifts table.
3- create UI changes


Time 6h